[Music]
I'm just
yeah I begin their brothers a big money
fellas walking on the flour
ow ready to devour each other people
fear me I'm ready for a power
ladies on the side and those who
probably that I've never even tried push
man stats homies no I'm a father
eighty-five large on the necklace and
account
[Music]
the almighty dollar or what I do with
him in the late night I was i spending
nothing burning down spend my time to
start his shine
hi
[Music]
my car starts that Mike I'm just I'm
just
[Music]
yeah what was a change yeah my shits
real I'm shining does keep polishing
in my pocket the show I got a lotta
legend casts of my husband I do
my homey come up with some paper if
y'all thought your feet will disappear
like lay a foundation shaking money hurt
me the chip
folded hotel rolling
no more down by the resin parts pop in
time within the plush life
[Music]
every 15 minutes kick up the hydraulics
get wet and get up in a run this shit
like I'm the time
[Music]
try popping off shots with my hand on
the phone shining bottles and blonde
hottie picture me rollin out in the
mother body
my shotty heavy in that trunk full of
cash we got them things - Donna mustache
dis guys fast I God and not fuck with
you
so we must take it and bake my handy
shit
did you scared move out my way bitch get
the fuck out of here
when you see my little body no one said
I got a friendly Piper give two shits in
the fuck day I never find a
[Music]
you